README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm David 👋

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-087EA4?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2560FF?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ansible-000000?style=flat-square&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)
![Vault](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vault-FFCF25?style=flat-square&logo=vault&logoColor=black)
![Debian](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Debian-A80030?style=flat-square&logo=debian&logoColor=white)

## About Me
> I build microservices using Python + FastAPI + MSSQL/SQLite and integrate with a variety of external APIs. I also automate deployments and manage Linux servers using Ansible + Docker + Hashicorp Vault + Sentry + Github Actions. On the frontend side, I work with React + DevExtreme + Radix + Vite.
> 
> Outside of work, I maintain a home server that serves as a playground for experimenting with new tools and ideas. I continuously learn, test approaches, review code designs, take courses, create pet projects and look for more ways to deepen my knowledge.

## Current Projects

- 📦 **Warehouse Management System (Private)** - Manages orders, inventory and tasks
- 🚚 **Bolt Integration (Private)** - Periodically sends products, prices and remainders to Bolt API
- 💰 **Campaigns (Private)** - Manages active campaigns for POS devices
- 🔔 **Notifications (Private)** - Sends messages using E-mail or SMS
- 🤖 **Ecosystem (Private)** - Setups Debian servers with one click. Manages project deployments.
- 🏙️ **[City Simulation](https://github.com/datogoglidze/city-simulation-service)** - Real-time city simulation with role-based agents moving on a hex grid
- 📝 **Bloknot [Backend](https://github.com/datogoglidze/bloknot) | [Frontend](https://github.com/datogoglidze/bloknot-front)** - Manage notes
- 📦 **Inventory (Private for now)** - Notifies when stock reaches a certain low level. Designed for home usage first
- 🤖 **Home Server Automation (Private for now)** - Ansible scrips for managing home server

# Connect

[![Page](https://img.shields.io/badge/-datogoglidze-181717?style=flat-square&logo=startpage&logoColor=white)](https://datogoglidze.github.io/)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/-schwifterpickle-000000?style=flat-square&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/schwifterpickle)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-in_d--goglidze-0077B5?style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/d-goglidze/)
[![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pickle__22-182636?style=flat-square&logo=steam&logoColor=white)](https://steamcommunity.com/id/pickle_22/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Discord-5865F2?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/txMH8n8E)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-datogoglidze-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/datogoglidze)

Commit message:

Fix Ecosystem description and add personal page link
Corrected grammar in the Ecosystem description and added a personal page link.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm David 👋

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-087EA4?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2560FF?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ansible-000000?style=flat-square&logo=ansible&logoColor=white)
![Vault](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vault-FFCF25?style=flat-square&logo=vault&logoColor=black)
![Debian](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Debian-A80030?style=flat-square&logo=debian&logoColor=white)

## About Me
> I build microservices using Python + FastAPI + MSSQL/SQLite and integrate with a variety of external APIs. I also automate deployments and manage Linux servers using Ansible + Docker + Hashicorp Vault + Sentry + Github Actions. On the frontend side, I work with React + DevExtreme + Radix + Vite.
> 
> Outside of work, I maintain a home server that serves as a playground for experimenting with new tools and ideas. I continuously learn, test approaches, review code designs, take courses, create pet projects and look for more ways to deepen my knowledge.

## Current Projects

- 📦 **Warehouse Management System (Private)** - Manages orders, inventory and tasks
- 🚚 **Bolt Integration (Private)** - Periodically sends products, prices and remainders to Bolt API
- 💰 **Campaigns (Private)** - Manages active campaigns for POS devices
- 🔔 **Notifications (Private)** - Sends messages using E-mail or SMS
- 🤖 **Ecosystem (Private)** - Setups Debian servers with one click. Manages project deployments
- 👨‍💻 **[Personal Page](https://datogoglidze.github.io/)** - My personal corner on the web
- 🏙️ **[City Simulation](https://github.com/datogoglidze/city-simulation-service)** - Real-time city simulation with role-based agents moving on a hex grid
- 📝 **Bloknot [Backend](https://github.com/datogoglidze/bloknot) | [Frontend](https://github.com/datogoglidze/bloknot-front)** - Manage notes
- 📦 **Inventory (Private for now)** - Notifies when stock reaches a certain low level. Designed for home usage first
- 🤖 **Home Server Automation (Private for now)** - Ansible scrips for managing home server

# Connect

[![Page](https://img.shields.io/badge/-datogoglidze-181717?style=flat-square&logo=startpage&logoColor=white)](https://datogoglidze.github.io/)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/-schwifterpickle-000000?style=flat-square&logo=x&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/schwifterpickle)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-in_d--goglidze-0077B5?style=flat-square)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/d-goglidze/)
[![Steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pickle__22-182636?style=flat-square&logo=steam&logoColor=white)](https://steamcommunity.com/id/pickle_22/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Discord-5865F2?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/txMH8n8E)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-datogoglidze-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/datogoglidze)
